User Story-1: As an Employee he can add new Customer/Account.
Add new Customer/Account flow:
1. Customer applies for the bank account
2. Bank employee fills in details on the basis of application form in the system.
3. Business related validations take place as a part of process in the system.
4. New Customer account gets created for the registered Customer automatically.
5. System generates random one time use password which is sent to user by post on the registered
address for first login


User Story-2:As a Customer
I want to Login to my account using card and PIN code
So that I can perform the transactions.
Acceptance Criteria –
• System must validate the card and pin code
• In case Customer enters wrong Pin code three times then the system locks the card.


User Story-3: As a Customer he can view his account summary.
View account summary flow:
1. On successful login Customer can view his account summary on home page
2. Every time customer clicks on home tab account summary will be shown to customer.


User Story-4:As a Customer
I want to check the wheather which account I hold.
1.Customer has to login to account.
2.Customer needs to select the perfred account i.e.,Saving,Business,
Fixed etc....
User Story-5:As a Customer
I want to to check the balance of my bank account
So that I can perform transactions.
Acceptance Criteria –
• Customer needs to be logged in before checking balance.
• Balances is displayed.


User Story-6:As a Customer
I want to to deposit cash in my bank account through ATM
So that I may save my time and perform transactions later.
Acceptance Criteria –
• Customer needs to be logged in before depositing cash.
• System should verify the amount of cash deposited by checking with the user.
• If the user doesn’t agree then the system ejects back the cash.
• If Ok the account balance is updated and displayed.


User Story-7: As an Employee he can change User Status to Active, 
Inactive and Locked
Change User Status flow:
1. User reports some suspicious activity in the account and calls customer 
care. Person on support from bank (Bank Employee) searches for user account
and locks it for all user activities.
2. User Forgets password and does change password process and calls customer
care for further assistance. Bank employee does telephonic verification before 
changing user account status to Inactive. System generates random password for
one time use which will be sent to user by post.


User Story-8: As an Employee he can deposit and deduct amount from Customer Account
for a cash related transaction at the bank.
1. Customer visits bank for cash deposit/withdrawal.
2. Customer fills up deposit/withdraw slip and goes to teller.
3. Teller (Employee) logs into the system and searches for Customer based on 
the details provided.
4. Teller selects appropriate action (deposit/withdraw) and updates the system 
after collecting/giving the cash
5. Amount gets added/ deducted from Customer account after successful operation.
User Story-9: As a User (Customer, Employee), he can change his password.
1. User needs to maintain account security by changing password frequently.
2. User selects change password from the tab list.
3. After authentication based on current password, new password is updated
in the system
4. User is redirected to login screen for relogin.


User Story-10: As a User (Customer, Employee), he can update profile details.
1. Customer/Employee logs in the website.
2. Customer updates only profile details which are editable like occupation email 
and mobile.
3. Employee updates only profile details which are editable like Qualification 
email and mobile
4. Customer/Employee address details can only be updated by authorised bank 
employee.


User Story-11: As a User (Customer, Employee), he can request new password 
on forgot password.
Forgot password flow:
1. User clicks on forgot password link available on login page.
2. User has to put id and registered mobile, email correctly for authentication.
3. System locks user account for any activity.
4. User calls customer care for further assistance as instructed on change password 
screen.
5. Bank employee changes user status to Inactive and system will generate random 
password for one time use.
6. The one time password will be sent to user by post. 


User Story-12: As a User (Customer, Employee), he can login.
1. User fills in user Id, Password on login page.
2. If User status in the system is inactive then user is forced to change 
password on login using one time use password.
3. On successful authentication Customer will see customer home page and employee will see
employee home page both having different entitlements.


User Story-13: As a User (Customer, Employee), he can logout from the system.
1. When user is done using system user clicks on logout button.
2. System clears user session and redirects user to login page.
